chore(docs): Clarify wording on governance doc (#35017)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/contributing/gatsby-governance-model.md

> - [`gatsby`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby)

Reviewer: Rather than " with these exceptions:", how about something like "but the following packages have extra requirements:"

- [`gatsby-core-utils/remote-file-utils`](https://github.com/gatsbyjs/gatsby/tree/master/packages/gatsby-core-utils/src/remote-file-utils)

> For these exceptions above, we ask you to open a [feature request](#feature-requests) (or for larger changes an [RFC](/contributing/rfc-process/)) before opening PRs for features. Contributions, such as bug fixes and documentation updates, can be made without any prior interaction with the team and don't require a feature request/RFC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For these two packages, we ask you to open a [feature request](#feature-requests) (or for larger changes an [RFC](/contributing/rfc-process/)) before opening PRs for features. Contributions, such as bug fixes and documentation updates, can be made without any prior interaction with the team and don't require a feature request/RFC.
```
